[THEME MUSIC]
>>LAURIE MCDONALD: In
the past, I would--
saw a lot of abduction phenomena
that surrounded the Grays--
tall grays, short
grays, reptilians.
What's happening is it's
more of a consciousness
hijacking, where the
consciousness is separated
from the body.
Psychological tests, fear-based
tests, and spiritual quandaries
are put to the person to
see how they will respond.
A lot of times both human
and non-human beings--
>>REGINA MEREDITH: OK.
>>MCDONALD: --are involved.
>> Collaborating.
>> And so imagine that
you're fully conscious,
but you have no body.
You're just like
this orb of light.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Last time we had
Laurie McDonald with us,
she captivated our audience with
her experiences in hypnotizing
people who felt they have had
contact with aliens or were
abducted.
Today, we're going to continue
that story a little bit
and we're going to drill
down even further, and even
go into the subject of
disclosure for a little bit
because it's up.
You know, 20th
anniversary happened,
you and I are both
on UFO panels,
everybody's trying
to contend with it
and manipulate the
information, massage it
in their own way for their own
purposes, and this is complex.
But before we do
all of that, I think
the most fun thing
in talking to you
is you're always out
there doing something
far out, new, different.
Unfortunately, half
the things you do,
you won't tell me
about because you
say you have a nondisclosure
agreement or something.
But we're going
to do what we can
considering that you're kind
of tight lipped on some things,
OK?
>> Yeah.
>>REGINA : So right now--
first of all, I want
to know one thing.
You were dealing with
clients all the time,
how has the story changed
or has it changed?
What's different
compared to your hypnosis
clients of the past
in these stories?
>> Well, I have been doing the
regression sessions to retrieve
memories that have been
suppressed or memories that
a person only has a glimpse of.
But this memory will
be so powerful--
so strong, it will come to mind
maybe every day or every week
over years.
And so finally gets
to a point where
they need to find out
what happened to me,
and so they'll come in and
we'll do the regression
session for memory retrieval.
In the past, I would-- saw a
lot of abduction phenomena that
surrounded the Grays--
tall grays, short grays,
reptilians, and so forth.
And lately-- and
I'm going to say,
maybe the last three years--
First off, over the last
year during this pandemic,
there have been more UFOs
reported than ever before.
>> Oh, really?
That's not a story that
you hear that often.
>>MCDONALD: I know.
>> Because the New York Times
and New Yorker Magazine,
they're all talking
about old events.
>> They are talking about old
events with black and white
photos.
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
>> Come on.
>> Yeah, come on.
It's happening every day.
>> I have better photos.
>> Yeah!
[LAUGHTER]
I know.
So tell us about this.
>> Well, so what we're seeing,
really what's changing is,
as a person becomes
more empowered,
more self accepting of the
existence of non-human entities
when they expand their
consciousness to the point
where they're beginning to
see that it all has to do with
them.
That this really is an
individual experience.
And people ask me all
the time, well, then,
how come they're just not
landing on the White House
lawn?
>>REGINA: Yeah, right.
>> OK, first off, they did that.
And-- [LAUGHS]
>> Yeah.
>>MCDONALD: And
secondly, I think that--
>> And flew over it, and have
all been captured on film.
>> Right!
>> No one cares.
>> And even prior to that--
>> Exactly.
>> I mean, we just had that
anniversary in LA where there
was a UFO.
>> Yeah, it was a big one.
That was an interesting one.
>> And what did they do?
I think what they were saying
over the loudspeakers were,
people of LA, do not fire upon!
[LAUGHTER]
Put your guns down!
But yeah, so--
>> I can see everybody in the
spas and salons, oh my god!
I forgot my gun.
Anyway--
[LAUGHTER]
>> Let me use your yours.
Yeah, so there is
a lot of change.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> And I think what
that has to do is--
so it's not an en
masse disclosure,
which is what people
are looking for.
>>REGINA: No!
>> We've had this soft
disclosure on an individual
basis because those people are
ready to look at themselves.
All of the extraterrestrials,
all of the reports,
all of the channeling,
everything that happens,
all of that interest
is in the humans.
>> Right.
And this is the part of
the story that's always
dismissed in favor
of the more academic
and the technological aspects
of it, and also the warlike
fright scenarios.
>> Absolutely.
Are they going to invade?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, some more academia.
There'd be like, what craft?
You know, what does it made of?
Can we reverse engineer that?
How did the antigravatics work?
>> Exactly.
>> Antigravatic,
that's how it works.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm, yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Self-explanatory.
>>REGINA: But the people
part gets lost in the story,
and this is the people--
they're trying to reach us.
>> What they're teaching us
is the multidimensionality
of the human soul.
It really comes down to that.
I know that we're
very young and naive,
running around like scissors
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> Thinking that, oh,
we've got technology,
we've sent a probe to Mars or a
Rover, and all of these things,
but we're missing the point.
The point is that the human
experience in the human soul,
having that multi
dimensionality,
teaches us that each
experience that we
have has to be reflected
on our own conscious level.
Not just the
hybridization program
and what that agenda
might look like.
And we have an idea
of what that might
look like, we know that
a lot of the hybrids
have issues with their lungs,
they weren't breathing well,
there were some adaptive issues.
Not like us humans,
were highly adaptable
and can pretty much adapt
into any environment.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> But it's really about us.
When we begin to understand
the human, you know,
the light embodied entity as the
true definition of human is--
that's not race,
it's not people.
Hue is that word
we use to measure
the light, or depth, or
saturation of light-- we
measure that in hues.
>> Mm-hmm.
>>MCDONALD: Man comes
from manifestation
to come into the physical
or to be embodied.
A human is a light
and bodied being.
And race and gender being
subcategories of that,
we begin to understand that the
aspect, the hue, the light part
is continuous.
>>REGINA : Right
>>MCDONALD: Multidimensional.
And we're looking at parallel
universes a lot right now.
>>REGINA: Exactly!
>> Parallel realities on
a personal level as well.
>> But before we go on
past the point there,
were you saying they're
helping humanity to understand
the nature of our
multidimensionality
and our source light,
what we actually are?
What are they intrigued
with about humanity?
Because we're not normal.
>> No, we're beautiful.
>>REGINA: We are beautiful.
We're not--
>> And tragic.
>> --normal out there.
All of the above,
so tell us what
you learn about what others are
intrigued with regarding us?
>> Our ability to
heal, to be honest.
They are always
impressed or fascinated
when a person can
overcome the circumstances
or fates of their life.
A lot of bad things happen
to a lot of innocent people,
but those are just things.
Those are circumstances of your
life, they're not your life,
they're not who you are.
>>REGINA: Right.
>> They're not what you can be.
And so we mustn't allow
them to dampen that ability
to sense our own potential.
But through healing
and hypnotherapy,
we begin to integrate
the mind, the body,
and the soul, that light.
So we do feel that potential,
we begin to see what it is
and why we're here.
And with that, we're
answering already what we are.
Once you know what you are--
>> Yes.
>> --then the other questions
begin to answer themselves.
>> They do.
However, they are still
intrigued with us--
it's a two way street.
And another thing,
my understanding
is that there are so
many humanoid species
throughout the cosmos.
And that one of the things
that many of those species
are intrigued with is also our
incredibly seemingly limitless
potentials for creativity.
>> Well, right.
The planet Earth, and
frankly, the third dimension--
all third dimensions.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> So there's a series
of Earth-like planets--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>> --third dimensionally.
And we are highly
creative, let's face it,
we took rock from the ground
and turned it into steel
and we made cars,
and then we made
rocket ships-- isn't it funny
it's still called "rock."
[LAUGHTER]
I'm easily amused.
But it was still called a
rocket, and we did all of this,
and we created everything
from the natural resources
that we have, so
we're highly-creative.
>> To pet rocks.
>> (CHUCKLING) To pet rocks.
>> Who would've thought?
[LAUGHTER]
I didn't see that one coming.
>>MCDONALD: But
everything's alive.
>> Yeah, everything is alive.
But I mean, this is something.
Even if you go to
something, you know,
GoFundMe, Etsy, any of these
sites, the things people--
human beings come up with.
And they say, there's
nothing new under the sun.
Maybe not, but it
sure looks like it.
And so I would
think there must be
some curiosity about
our incredible diversity
in our ability to
heal as you say
and transform ourself
with mind matrix,
to the incredibly beautiful
things and interesting things
we come up with for good or bad.
>> For good or bad.
And we're kind of
accelerating quickly,
and we have an idea
that maybe the shadow
or the black governments,
or a good 50, 60 years
advanced in the technology
that we're aware of.
>> Well, that's where
they've always said.
Yup.
>> Well, we see that when they
create sci-fi movies 30 or 40
years ago.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>> And they have a flip phone.
And we'll probably have an idea.
>> Called predictive
programming, yeah.
>> Predictive programming
or maybe they know.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> And so--
Yeah, technology is
far more advanced.
I think it's very
important right now
that we balance
technology, especially
artificial intelligence.
Artificial intelligence
is frightening.
I'm not afraid of much, in
fact, off the top of my head,
that would be about the only
thing that creates any anxiety
or fear inside of me because
AI or quantum computing
doesn't think like a human.
So say, they see a specific
race of people not flourishing.
Their idea wouldn't be to
teach, encourage growth,
it would be to dismiss.
>>REGINA: Right.
>> Or wipe out.
>> For efficiency's sake.
>>MCDONALD: For
efficiency's sake.
>> From a robotic model of mind.
>> And that would be accurate
on their way of thinking.
And so bringing
artificial intelligence
into our intelligence might--
it's going to take
quite a balancing act,
and I think that we have
to be prepared to slow down
a little bit and
stop and say, well,
is this something
we really want?
Do I really need 5G?
Wasn't 4G good enough?
>> We're good, 4 is
good enough for me.
>> Was good enough for me too.
>> Yeah I know, and I'm
with you the whole notion
of the intrusion of
AI into our lives.
And I just did a show with
Ben Stewart on this recently
and others is
highly problematic,
we all come to the
same place on it.
And that and the breakdown
of any kind of genuine
long held empirical truth
at this moment in time
are the two things
that frighten me.
>> Well, change is coming.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>> You know, we've already
experienced an enormous amount
of change.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> And with what looks like
a little less than soft
disclosure perhaps happening
at later this summer.
[LAUGHS]
>> Yeah.
>> Less than solemn.
>> But yeah, we will be
having that to deal with.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> On a world level,
it's interesting--
>> Now, talk about
that a little bit.
>> Well--
>> What you mean by that.
Less than soft
disclosure coming.
>> Well, with the release
of the, you know, the very--
>> You're saying if UAP
task force actually releases
anything, so is that's
what you're talking about?
The release of that information?
>> I think that we're going
to probably have a little bit
higher up release than that.
>> That would be interesting.
>> That maybe be a United
Nations meeting where the world
comes together to create
the opening to say, look,
we have throughout our history
and, for a very long time,
seen unidentified flying
objects, or ABCs, or UFOs,
whatever you're most
comfortable calling them.
And now, we're
beginning to learn
that they may not be from here.
I think that we're going
to get a little soft story,
but it's going to be
one that everybody
won't be able to deny.
I mean, Sunday night
was 60 minutes.
>> 60 minutes.
>>MCDONALD: Right.
I mean, so we are seeing
it-- football players coming.
It's happening, and once
it's worldwide, say,
through a United
Nations meeting,
which is what I feel
is will be the way,
can't just be one
government because
the destructive
dispersion of power
will shift once we begin
to see that globally.
Between China, and North Korea,
Russia, and the United States,
when we begin to look at talking
about unidentified occupants
of craft interacting with
government agencies--
>> Mm-hmm, Mm-hmm.
>> Then we're going to be vying
for that because it's really
going to be initially
what can you give me.
>> Right.
And last week, I was talking
to Daniel Sheehan, right?
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
>> And I said, come on,
Danny, at 75 years later,
why is this not simply being
allowed to come to the surface
known into public awareness?
>> And what did he say?
>> Well, you know what he said?
Was he said, it is
purely for purposes
of future holding of power.
>>MCDONALD: Mhm.
>> Between the countries.
>>MCDONALD: It is.
>> That it is a power
grab of dominance.
And he said that, that is the
sole reason in his opinion--
>> I agree.
>> --why that's
not being released.
And so I was hearing him-- also,
there was another person there
and they're asking questions
and chatting and he said,
I don't think this disclosure
that they're talking
about is going to happen.
They'll say, well, we're going
to have a little delay in it.
Now, that's the American
unidentified aerial phenomena
project that they
say, we're going
to give you our
military findings
and tell you the truth,
which is supposed to happen.
He says he does not see that
happening for the same reasons
as mentioned above.
You know is they'll say, there's
a little delay or something
like that.
>> Well, I think that a
United Nations meeting--
>> Mm-hmm.
>> --where they will,
among themselves,
either change the power.
>>REGINA : Mm-hmm.
>> But that's what it is,
he's absolutely right.
It always comes down to that.
>> And so it's been
said for 20 years now.
>> It's powers.
>> Everyone says it comes down
to he who has ever been able
to capture whatever remnants
and technology work with them
to the extent they're
successful, back engineer them,
that that's what it's all about.
He who has the most
advanced technology
wins, and they're
not going to share.
>> And that's the problem.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>> Because that isn't
what it's all about.
>>REGINA: No.
>> OK, if we're all interested
in their shiny new stuff,
then we're missing the point.
The point is really about the
expansion of consciousness
and the people of the
Earth being able to rise--
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> --into that understanding
to limit their fear and begin
to ask the very big
questions about, well,
what might this mean
for me or my family?
What is our next empowered step?
So they tell us there
are aliens have always
been coming to the planet.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> And that they're going to be
making it a lot more evident.
But what does this mean?
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> How will things change?
So one of the things
that we're going
to be looking at, obviously,
is infrastructure, energy--
>>REGINA: Energy.
>> and power.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
Where do you think
Elon Musk is from?
He said the funniest
thing lately.
I'm a fan, OK?
I've got Tesla batteries
all over my roof
and have one on the cars.
And he went on
Saturday Night Live
to be a host-- a comedy
host, which he said,
hey, first off I'm Asperger
and I'm on the spectrum.
And then he said, look, I
just revived the electric car
industry and I'm
putting someone on Mars.
Did you think I was going to
be a normal balanced person?
Which I loved!
So what do you think is going
on with people like that
coming in and changing
industries overnight
through their sheer
genius and will,
and whatever they
do along the way?
Politically and business wise.
>> You know?
I think many people
have the opportunity
to pull that information
from the etheric.
Some people do it
unconsciously and naturally,
and Elon and Tom Petty, I
believe a lot of his writing--
>> Yeah, that's true.
>> They pull this--
>> Creativity.
>> Creative energy.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> And I think that if people
had a practice of practicing
doing that, they would see--
>> We would be able to pull
more for ourselves as well.
>> For ourselves, and be able
to create whatever it is that we
want.
Maybe even have deeper
or higher understandings
of zero point energy or other
things, and I'm sure they know.
And yeah, all men are from Mars.
>> Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
Oh, it's on Mars.
Well, I just wonder because
I've been watching him
through the years and
thought this isn't normal.
[LAUGHS] This man's
not normal, I'm
sure he wouldn't want
to be in a relationship.
But we appreciate
what he is doing.
>> There are a lot of people
on the planet right now who are
here because they want to be.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> Didn't need to be.
>>REGINA: Right.
>> But wanted to be.
>> Have a mission, and they're
working on it, and I mean,
I do happen to think he's one
of those he came here with
a purpose and you're not
going to knock him off it.
>> Right.
>> And whether he's
downloading it,
whether he's some other
thing or a hybrid himself,
who knows what he is.
But the point is,
this is being seeded
all over without permission
from the world's governments.
He's done this by himself,
and not by himself.
>> But yeah.
>> Under his own power,
and will, and creativity.
And the same thing with a lot
of these other technologies that
are starting to come
through, and it speaks
to what you said earlier--
who needs disclosure,
who needs the government
to stand up and say anything.
All of this is already
finding its way or not.
So this whole thing about the
governmental level of control
of information, suppressing
our potential as people,
as intergalactic people
and technologically
is just a fool's errand now.
>> Well, I mean, because
the mind can transcend space
and time.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>> The mind can move into many
areas and come back with lots
of information.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>> These are some of the
things that maybe we should be
teaching along with how
to control the mind.
Meditation.
And I think I shared
with you before
that I did spend a long time
in a Buddhist temple learning
how to meditate.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> I'd already been
doing it for 12 years.
>>REGINA: Right.
>> But I did learn more about
other worlds than anything
else.
And being able to utilize
our own natural resources
of our mind, that's
the big thing.
But everything right
now in our world is--
>> Taking us away
distracting us.
>> External.
Yeah, it's a total distraction.
>> That's the great gift, that's
the beauty of being human if we
chose to develop it
and utilize that.
So going on that
note now, OK, we're
hopscotching a little bit.
But on the notion
of using the mind
and discovering other
worlds and remembering,
you're doing something
kind of juicy right
now with NBC Universal.
And you're doing
a historical piece
and you're dealing with a
well-known musical star, Demi
Lovato.
And they called you
in to say, let's
see what's inside her
mind because she's
very curious, very interested in
the subject of contact in UFOs.
>> Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: Right?
>> Yeah.
>>REGINA: You tell us the
rest of the story, that's
all I know.
>> They had me
come and do my job.
>> Yeah.
Regress.
>> To regress her, which I did.
But I've been doing a
lot more regressions
with the subject
hooked up to an EEG.
I think that when we can
watch the consciousness
slide from that beta brain wave
and move into the alpha brain
wave and hit that delta, and
even the theta brain wave,
and you see it.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> It goes into all of them.
I think it validates
for most people
that they're in the right
brain wave to retrieve.
In the subconscious
mind, you can't create.
The subconscious mind is like
a hard drive on a computer.
Now, unlike the
unconscious mind,
say, we're out drinking tequila
and [LAUGHS] shooting shots
and went too many
and you black out,
but you still go on for
three or four more hours.
Maybe karaoke or
something, who knows?
[LAUGHS]
>> Yeah, you don't know
the next day for sure.
That's who doesn't know.
>> And you don't know,
and your memory is gone.
>>REGINA: Right.
>> And so who was
operating the body here?
And that's the unconscious mind.
So the unconscious mind, like
the observer energy inside,
takes over.
And the conscious
mind, just that 10%
of that beta brainwave,
is completely
suppressed so we have no memory.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Is that memory still
in the subconscious?
Why it is?
Because we experienced it.
>> And so experience
is hardwired in there.
>> And so the
trick is accessing.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>> And accessing is done
by using the right verbiage
to allow somebody to
move into that place.
>> So when you're using EEG,
it's just to really determine
what brain state
they've gone into.
And when you hit certain
ranges like, you're
talking about subconscious
ranges and these lower
slower frequency
ranges, it's almost
like a truth serum of sorts.
>> Yeah.
>>REGINA: You can't
really lie to--
>> Well, it can't create a face.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> It can remember a face.
>>REGINA: Right.
>> But it won't--
like even in a dream.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> If you see a face in a dream,
it's because you've seen that
face before.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> There's no random
faces in a dream.
>>REGINA: Right.
>> Although, it doesn't mean
that the face was a being--
a sentient being, it could
have been from a book,
it might have been from a movie.
Mm-hmm.
>>MCDONALD: But we
cannot create that.
>> It's registered
there as memory.
>> Right, it's registered there.
And so it's very interesting
when we do hypnotize somebody
and get them into those lower
deeper levels of regression,
and they can easily
articulate their experience.
But also from a combined
energy perspective,
so that they can even
question the entity.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Why did you pick
me at this time?
Or whatever it is, and get
their answer through them.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> And when we see that and
they're in the right brainwave,
I'm always very fascinated.
As a researcher, then I'm very
intrigued wanting specifics
to our systems, locations,
m-class planets.
>> Yeah.
You are a serious
researcher, and you've also
done other high profile people.
So for in this
particular instance,
Demi has this deep fascination
with the subject of abduction,
disclosure, and so forth.
Can you share kind
of what she found out
about herself in this?
>> Ultimately.
Her experience
was very positive.
And I would say
that it would lean
towards a spiritual
enlightenment.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> With the help of
non-human entities.
>> That she had actually
had encounters with?
>> Yes, she did.
Three non-human entities.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> And funny how
they come in threes.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>> Or maybe there's
safety in numbers.
>> Sacred number.
[LAUGHTER]
>>MCDONALD: Right, that's true.
>> Yeah, let's try it.
>> You know, so it's beautiful
actually to watch somebody
become enlightened.
And you can see it, it's like
this other layer of energy
somehow melts away in this
higher or truer vibration.
Sets in its place, and the
person is forever changed.
>> Yes, and Demi Lovato
makes the news all the time
because of this exploiter,
that, or the revelations of some
personal issues she's
had throughout time.
And having been with
her on this level,
how much of those kinds of
striving, trying to reach out,
trying to rebel, has
to do with the fact
that there was
something more in her
that she was trying
to remember and reach?
>> Well, I find that when
somebody experiences something
that they don't understand, and
then they question their own
self, not her in
particularly, but--
>>REGINA: In general.
>> --people in general.
They self-medicate.
There's a high percentage
of experiencers
doing drugs or alcohol to
self-medicate or to help
them sleep.
Many of them still have
a fear of going to sleep,
they're afraid of the dark.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> That's sad
>> Yeah.
>> And so if we do
have disclosure,
I certainly have
something to say to them.
OK, I'm really not impressed.
I mean, the fundamental--
universal human rights
of a human being have to be
forefront, it can't be allowed.
>> Can't be imposed upon.
>> Can't have somebody come
in like a thief in the night
and taking people
and scaring them.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> We just can't allow it.
Now, it doesn't
need to be a threat.
Saying, you're not
allowed to do this.
It has to just be an agreement
through respect and love,
that if we're going to have
any exchange with anybody,
it has to be on that level.
And we're not the
best examples, we've
gone into indigenous tribes.
>> Yeah.
We'll go into animal species.
Mhm?
No, we're no better than that.
>> No we're not, but we do learn
and we grow, and we can change.
Whereas, some of the
extraterrestrials locked
in a hive minded way of being.
So you got to understand, even
though, well, yes, everybody
is connected and
all of that is true.
We still think
individually, we maintain
our individual personality,
and they do not.
They're always constantly
connected in this hive mind,
so you can't overrule or
override and just say,
I don't want you
or I'm going to.
And that doesn't happen.
And so you're not going
to be able to see growth.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> Unless it's all at once.
>> Maybe you don't
have personal autonomy.
>> Right same as with us humans.
So I believe, it's every time
the population hits 10 billion,
And I think we're
at 7.6 currently.
That if we haven't shifted
into a bit of a higher
understanding, or
at least cleaned up
some of that emotional
baggage, we do reset.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> And so maybe I can't
remember what it was--
another five or seven years they
said we'll be hitting that 10
billion mark.
And so this is the time for
people to do their own work
and not be so
concerned about what
other people think of them.
Really, it's really
none of your business
what other people think of you.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> What's more important
is what you think of you,
and where you want to
go, what you want to do,
how you want to express
yourself, and ultimately,
leave your mark on the
world or your children.
>> Absolutely.
With that in mind, we're
going to talk about some
of that in a little bit.
I want to go back to
what we talked about--
started talking about
in the beginning,
and we kind of brought
it up a little with Demi.
But the nature of
the experiences
that people are having,
aren't the little grays
showing up so much you
told me off camera,
what is happening with the
people that come to you now?
>> So what's happening is they
don't feel that they're being
like levitated or
floated through a wall,
which many people have
had that experience.
And they wake up half of their
bodies still in their garage
while the other half is
entering the living room,
it's quite terrifying.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> And of course, it's
another physics question.
>>REGINA: Right
>>(CHUCKLING) I know
how they do that.
>> Time space too, yeah?
>> Time space.
But what's happening
is it's more
of a consciousness hijacking
where the consciousness is
separated from the
body, very much
like a out-of-body experience.
And that is taken someplace.
And tests like psychological
tests, fear-based tests,
and spiritual quandaries
are put to the person
to see how they will respond.
>> Can they tell who is doing
this on the other side with
them?
>> They see more of an energy
being, but almost always--
not almost always.
A lot of times are both
human and non-human beings--
>>REGINA: OK.
>> --are involved.
>> Collaborating.
>> And so imagine that you're
fully conscious of ourselves.
You know you're Regina,
but you have no body.
>> Mhm.
>> You're just like
this orb of light.
And then you're subjected
to specific stimuli
to see how you're going to
respond like for instance, one
person was put like
in a chair, they
explained like kind of how,
why you're getting executed.
And your arms are tied down,
and you're sitting in your legs,
or you're in a small room.
And there is a window
beside the door
that somebody was
viewing them from.
They open the door and
what the person experienced
was as if like 1,000
rats entered the room,
and they're tied down.
And with her mind, she
said she said it out loud,
but in her mind
at the same time,
she went, oh,
kitty, kitty, kitty!
And they all turned to kittens.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> And the person doing
the test was furious.
Maybe that's a little harsh.
>> Disappointed?
>> They didn't seem like
they wanted her to have that
ability, there were like three
people watching entities.
And two seemed OK, but
she said she really
focused in on the one
who didn't seem happy
that she could do that.
And so maybe.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> They don't want us
to be able to do that,
but that was her ability
to physically change.
I don't know, obviously,
they weren't real rats.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> And they couldn't
have been real kittens.
>> No, it was a
projection, right,
then she changed the scene.
>>MCDONALD: She overrode--
>>Right.
>> --their projection.
And so I think that it's
very important that we begin
to see what is a projection?
>> Mhm.
>> And what is it?
Maybe it's a UFO,
maybe it's a hologram!
How do we tell the difference?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> So they're playing with
people's consciousness,
which may even be having
unintended consequences
of helping people
understand the game better.
>> Well, it sure shows us
that we are capable of far,
far more than we've
ever been told.
And it shows us that we
have an opportunity now
to step into that in a
peaceful empowered state
and begin to create the
change that we want.
The whole phenomena, the
whole idea of communication
with non-humans, taking
our place galactically,
however you want to
look at it, it all
has to be done with reverence.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> With the right intent, not to
have power, not for technology.
And if it's about that,
then we don't want anything
to do with those
extraterrestrials.
Just because they come,
doesn't mean they can stay.
>> I know all that just because
they come with technology does
not mean they come with
higher consciousness.
>>MCDONALD: Absolutely!
>> This is always confused.
>> Right, and I'm not impressed.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>> I'm sure one day,
we'll get there.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> And I'm really
not in a great hurry.
But come and show us
your antigravatic crafts,
and so forth-- great, OK?
But that doesn't mean that I'm
going to lay down and give you
my power.
>> Exactly.
>> And think, oh, save me.
>> Worship you.
>> Yeah, because nobody is
going to save ourselves.
And just for the record, the
original definition of the word
worship was work for.
>>REGINA: Uh-huh.
>> And I think that that's
important to remember this
time.
>> That is good to remember.
>> I think that this is a
relevant time in history
to remember the original
definitions of a lot of word.
>> Yeah, I think it is too.
And thank you, it's starting
to come up to the surface.
OK, so let's say this
UN event happens.
>> Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: Let's
say, it does happen.
>> Mm-hmm.
Went up.
>> Let's say it
happens in Brazil.
What could the highest
expression of that be?
How would you just
guess or expect
that humanity would respond
to this at this point?
>> Well, this meeting is
going to have to involve both
therapists and researchers.
So somebody has got to
make sure the power mongers
keep themselves in control.
Because ultimately, it
does come down to power.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> And/or the abuse of power.
And why do they need
that much power?
>> Mm-hmm.
Why?
>> Again, to control.
There's a lot of questions
that we have to look at.
the way our societies
are working.
And if we're going to have
these new changes happening
in this new millennium,
then we have
to have some form
of a guideline.
It can't be about money,
it can't be about power,
it can't be about technology.
It has to be about the higher
self, the understanding
and acceptance, the
embracing of the human.
The good, the bad, the ugly,
the complete indifferent.
By embracing it,
it's acceptance.
And you cannot change
what you cannot accept,
so you must accept it--
all of it.
And then create
the change that's
going to allow everybody to live
the way that we should happily.
Those 1,000 years
promised to us.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>> They may be longer than that
if we know what we're doing.
And we can't be so
awestruck because awe--
it registers in the body
the same way as fear does.
It's like you've hit a road and
the conscious and subconscious
has no more information,
so you're either
awestruck because
something is so incredible,
or you're really fear
based because you've never
experienced anything like that.
But both of them come
from lack of experience.
And just because
something looks great,
there are physiological
and emotional ramifications
in our bodies that
we have to remember
or we're going to experience.
All of us, everyone is going
to register energetically
this change.
And so I think that it needs
to be done respectfully.
>> I agree with you.
Before we get into
that dovetails
in with a lot of what your
new work is, a couple of books
you have coming out.
But before we go there, let's
talk about a little trip
to India you'll be making when
you can get in the country.
>> Yes.
I'm hoping to do it
with the Travel Channel.
And we'll be
looking at an ashram
temple in the south of India
and the province of Kerala,
and forgive me if I don't
pronounce it correctly,
but kind of close to.
But they had discovered-- it's
been a couple of years now,
that upon opening one of the
chambers that had been blocked
off with all of these
like magical symbols
all around it
saying, don't do it!
>> Stay away.
>>MCDONALD: Stay away.
>> Poison.
>> And they went in any way.
[LAUGHTER]
Skull and crossbones.
Well, you know us,
we'll speed ahead.
But we actually took almost
200 years to open this.
And upon opening it, they
say they found a UFO.
And I would like to have
a written permission--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>> --to investigate it
and to find out exactly
what's happening.
I want to interview
the first people there,
I want to really
focus on the symbols.
They say they resemble
Sanskrit, but it's not.
So maybe it might resemble
an alien language,
and I do get quite a
bit of that come up.
In session, we see symbols
that people create pages
of them, this floods into them.
>> Yes.
And another one I've
done an interview with it
had a notebook with this and--
Jim Penniston?
Right?
Jim Penniston, the
Randlesham Forest affair?
>> Yeah.
>> He too, has a
notebook of them.
Danny Sheehan even
went into that vault
and came out with the
symbols written down.
>> You should see
this is what I have.
Oh, and I take them from
different cases that I work in.
Compare them and look for
commonalities and similarities.
>> Are you seeing them?
>> Yeah
>> Wonderful.
>> And of course, we have to
know that there's a certain
percentage of replication that
we're going to see spirals,
and so forth, and
stuff like that.
But yeah, there are.
>> I would ask you,
not just Sanskrit,
but how might some of those
symbols overlay with Egyptian
hieroglyphics for example?
>> Right.
What I'm seeing is in the
language of the subconscious
mind, isn't this--
>>REGINA: Is symbolic.
>> Is symbolic, it's image.
And it is not words, it's
not a language like English,
or Chinese, or French.
>>REGINA: Right.
>> It's images.
>> It's going to be fascinating
once we get all these cataloged
into databases that can be
shared between researchers,
individuals with their body of
work, overlaying with Sanskrit,
with Egyptian symbolism,
Sumerian symbolism.
>> Some of them saying, it's
some type of angel language
or alien, but what's
the difference?
>> Yeah, I mean, It's
going to be amazing.
And that's in the near future,
to see this language start
to emerge.
I love it.
>> Right.
Well, we are going to
respond to these symbols.
They're going to mean
something very deep to us,
and they may propagate
internal change.
>> Yes.
>> Because that's what
hypnotherapy does when we use
the--
>> Absolutely.
>> --the symbols.
OK, so on your work,
you already know what
you're doing with hypnotherapy.
You say, you've
started a new group?
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
>> What does that mean?
>> I was running the Sacramento
Alien Abduction and Contactees
Support Group for a long time,
it was big and I stopped doing
that because I
didn't have the time.
And I've started a new one, we
haven't had our first meeting
yet primarily
because of location.
There's been restrictions in
the amount of people gathering
and so forth.
>>REGINA: Which is
changing rapidly.
>> Right.
Well--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>> It's recently occurred to me
that I'm just going to have it
outside.
>> Yeah.
>> (CHUCKLING) Enough.
>> Good enough, OK.
So what are you doing
with this new group?
>> We're going to
have experiencers,
and we're going to talk
about how the effects
on consciousness.
And our first meeting is also
going to involve a skywatch.
So since there's been more UFOs
reported, it should be fun.
>> McKinley Park maybe,
I'll be there, I'll come.
[LAUGHS]
>> Actually, I was
thinking Bannister Park.
>>REGINA: Oh,
Bannister Park is good.
>> It's open-- a bigger open
area with less trees than
McKinley in a certain area for
viewing and I think it might
work.
>> It could be fun.
OK, good.
Well, that's good to know, and
you have written two books.
>>MCDONALD: Mm-hmm.
>> And those books
are coming out, right?
>> The extraterrestrial
interference has been a long
time in coming.
I've changed it so much
in the last five years
because I keep
finding deeper layers.
But you know, I've come to
the point where I got to stop.
>>REGINA: At some point.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
Right at volume 2.
>> Right, volume 2.
And the second book is really
on the human experience.
It's on personal empowerment,
it's on self-actualization,
how to be the person that
you want to be in the world.
How you want to live, doing
the job that you want,
eating the food that you
want, all of those things
being completely
self-actualized.
And most people are
not self-actualized,
they're either
doing what they fell
into or they're doing what
makes them the most money.
That's always an issue.
>> Yes.
>> And so that true self
actualization generates deep
feelings of inner
tranquility and inner peace.
Where is that higher
level of self-acceptance,
where you're embracing
it, and that's
when the true change
begins to take place.
So I've laid out five steps
to personal empowerment
and inner peace.
And I think that anyone
who practices them or reads
them and has an
understanding, will
begin to see that there's
nothing we can't face,
there's nothing that
we can't change,
you know, people
have been victimized
and victim energy is
legitimate for a little while.
>> For a while.
>> OK?
Well, it's Legitimate?
Sure.
But we must survive
and all you've
got to do is not
die, that's not hard.
But it's the thriving, right?
Which means moving forward
and allowing the things
in the past to take
their appropriate place.
It's all about
learning, because as we
had talked about a bit
ago, it does come down
to there are only two
things to master as a human.
One is love and one is fear.
But on the planet of duality,
when those doors open,
you're either going to
be a great giver of love,
and maybe not such
a great receiver.
Receiver does require
that deeper vulnerability
to be more honest regardless
of what somebody else might
think it is what it is.
And then fear, you're
either a fear based because
of external stimuli, so
you're still worried too much
about outside stuff
or you're fear monger,
which you're really
pushing it because you
get some weird power from it.
And so being able
to understand fear--
real fear.
>> As it gets into the domain
of taking versus giving as well.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah!
>> Mm-hmm.
>> With fear, there's real
fear and there's imagined fear.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> And you can say,
well, this might happen,
this could happen, this
has happened before,
but it's not
happening right now.
And if it's not happening
right now, it's not real fear.
And if it is happening,
then you ask yourself,
what is my next empowered step?
These are solar plexus
protocols when you're
working with the chakra system.
When you utilize
the solar plexus,
you can tap into that power.
And I really am
falling onto the side
that I believe the
solar plexus because it
works as an antenna--
those two clusters of
nerves reaching out.
And then the
information is processed
through the central
cortex of the brain.
I'm thinking that it
might be our first brain.
>> Well, they say the stomach
gets the information before
the brain.
So then there you go, I think
you might be onto something,
and you always are.
Thank you so much!
You're a busy, busy woman.
And I just I love the craziness
of the things you find yourself
involved in, people call
you from all over the world,
I love it.
Thank you for taking the time.
This is fun, we'll do it again.
>> Thank you for having me,
it's really my pleasure.
>> Once again, you can refer
to our previous conversation
to get more background
on Laurie's work,
and her early life.
You can also go to her site
TrueYouHypnotherapy.com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[THEME MUSIC]